well there so yes we actually do that
always
because everything is tired after this
heavy cabinets
so we do not go to terminals
and
well this is rotterdam school and we have to
those fast environments have little time
more so it does as well as you do
see
now go to the policy lenses
Our prevents affected clothes and come on
with it
to go
well this is sometimes here locally
show where we have lessons or her
other class lessons
that is a second striker second class
well this is second class that we
all done as the anser as you
there is such a festival and a few
hour from then he would be us
well as you see you have your break
so why am I also immediately other?
subjects such as cup musical and abs
I will have that later in this room
also have that for me too
people also mean that in too
downstairs and that he likes you
visible later that we do too
grab the bible that more i almost too
everyone here, by the way, you get that
I think only on the third like
I spit all subjects itself today yo
nice
then of course I wouldn't do it
yes i also like to do acrobatics again
and tip and ballet and game of musescore
actually I think everything is easy
sure a nice one
but if I would really really choose somewhere
I think I seem to opt for ballet
maybe very boring but you have to
actually do a lot a lot
actually you have to tighten everything and everything
yes i don't know but i just like it
nice well we hope you like it
found
where we have to deliver our more land from
good lesson and there things that you prefer
not with them it is